W-11099504 workday reference cleanup (#1926)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: workday/15.0/modules/ROOT/pages/workday-reference.adoc

* <<workdayExtensibility>>
* <<workforcePlanning>>

[[absenceManagement]]
=== Absence Management

`<workday:absence-management>`

> Invokes the Absence Management web service. The Absence Management web service contains operations that expose absence-related data, including employee time off and absence inputs for time off and accrual adjustments and overrides, and leave requests, in Workday Human Capital Management business services.

Reviewer: The second sentence is large, so it's hard to follow. I would split it in two. Maybe:

The Absence Management web service contains operations that expose absence-related data in Workday Human Capital Management  business service.  This data includes employee time off, absence inputs for time off, accrual adjustments and overrides for time off, and leave requests.

Author: much better!

* <<standard-revocation-check>>
* <<Tls>>
* <<TrustStore>>

[[crl-file]]
=== CRL File

Specifies the location of the certification revocation list (CRL) file.

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Path a| String | Path to the CRL file. |  |
|===

[[custom-ocsp-responder]]
=== Custom OCSP Responder

Configures a custom OCSP responder for certification revocation checks.

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Url a| String | URL of the OCSP responder. |  |
| Cert Alias a| String | Alias of the signing certificate for the OCSP response. If specified, the alias must be in the truststore. |  |
|===

[[Default]]
=== Default

Configures the default HTTP proxy configuration type.

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Host a| String | Hostname or IP address of the proxy server. |  | x
| Port a| Number | Port of the proxy server. |  | x
| Username a| String | Username to authenticate against the proxy server. |  |
| Password a| String | Password to authenticate against the proxy server. |  |

> | Non Proxy Hosts a| String | Non proxy hosts. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Non Proxy Hosts a| String | Non-proxy hosts. |  |
```

| Max Idle Time a| Number | Configures the maximum amount of time that a dynamic configuration instance can remain idle before Mule considers it eligible for expiration. |  |
| Time Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS | Time unit for the *Max Idle Time* field. |  |
|===

[[KeyStore]]
=== Key Store

Configures the keystore for the TLS protocol. The keystore you generate contains a private key and a public certificate.

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Path a| String | Path to the keystore. Mule resolves the path relative to the current classpath and file system. |  |
| Type a| String | Type of keystore. |  |
| Alias a| String | Alias of the key to use when the keystore contains multiple private keys. By default, Mule uses the first key in the file. |  |
| Key Password a| String | Password used to protect the private key. |  |
| Password a| String | Password used to protect the keystore. |  |
| Algorithm a| String | Encryption algorithm that the keystore uses. |  |
|===

[[non-repeatable-stream]]
=== Non-Repeatable Stream

> Disable the repeatable stream functionality and use non-repeatable streams to have less performance overhead, memory use, and cost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disables the repeatable stream functionality and uses non-repeatable streams to have lower performance overhead, memory use, and cost.
```

* Configure a smaller buffer size to decrease memory load at the expense of response time. |  |
| Buffer Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** BYTE
** KB
** MB
** GB | Unit for the *In Memory Size* field. |  |
|===

[[repeatable-in-memory-stream]]
=== Repeatable In-Memory Stream

Configures the in-memory streaming strategy by which the request fails if the data exceeds the MAX buffer size. Always run performance tests to find the optimal buffer size for your specific use case.

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Initial Buffer Size a| Number | Initial amount of memory to allocate to the data stream. If the streamed data exceeds this value, the buffer expands by *Buffer Size Increment*, with an upper limit of *Max In Memory Size* value. |  |
| Buffer Size Increment a| Number | Amount by which the buffer size expands if it exceeds its initial size. Setting a value of `0` or lower specifies that the buffer can't expand. |  |

> | Max Buffer Size a| Number | Maximum amount of memory to use. If more than that is used then a `STREAM_MAXIMUM_SIZE_EXCEEDED` error is raised. A value lower than or equal to zero means no limit. |  |

Reviewer: Global for this field

Description from the reference spreadsheet:

Maximum size of the buffer. If the buffer size exceeds this value, Mule raises a `STREAM_MAXIMUM_SIZE_EXCEEDED` error. A value of less than or equal to `0` means no limit.

| Buffer Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** BYTE
** KB
** MB
** GB | Unit for the *Initial Buffer Size*, *Buffer Size Increment*, and *Buffer Unit* fields. |  |
|===

[[SoapAttributes]]
=== SOAP Attributes

Configures the SOAP attributes type.

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required

> | Transport Additional Data a| Object | Transport additional data. |  |

Reviewer: The descriptions in this row and the next aren't informative at all. I suggest noting this in a readme for this connector so we can try to get better ones in the future.
